Good morning. It's 9:00 a.m. in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here in Hong
Kong. You're watching the China Show
live from the Asian Financial Forum here
in Hong Kong. I'm David Glass with Ivon
Man. We're counting down the open of
markets in greater China. Our top
stories this morning. President Trump
threatening to raise tariffs on South
Korean goods to 25% saying it has not
enacted the deal they reached last year.
Asian stocks trading cautiously on fresh
trade concerns. a dollar under pressure
as speculation grows the US may help
Japan in supporting the yen. And our
coverage continues at the Asian
Financial Forum in Hong Kong. Stay tuned
for exclusive interview this hour with
Jardine's CEO Lincoln Pan.
sound.
>> Well, we certainly woke up to some news,
Dave, of just terrorists being back on
the table when it comes to Korea, right?
So, uh, President Trump with that true
social post really talking about raising
possibly those terrorists to 25% on
South Korean goods. It seems like right
now the market reaction out of Soul is
that equities are still, you know,
trending and doing pretty well. Samsung
and the like are still okay. It's sort
of that the exporters like Hyundai Motor
that is slightly lower here are maybe
reacting to uh the threat of those
duties. So certainly that's only one
thing but relatively speaking uh you are
seeing that hit to the Korean Juan
though uh given these new threats. So we
are seeing the Korean one at 1451
this morning. Uh you take a look how the
rest of Asia is doing in the face of of
course uh these new sort of tensions and
it actually is things you know looking
okay right is that taco tray sort of
emerging here once again. We were just
talking about, you know, you know, how
blubber economics has been crunching the
numbers and usually only about 20% of of
Trump's threats on terrorists actually
end up being followed through. So, in
some ways, equity investors are kind of
shrugging it off here right now. You see
Taiwan coming online, still seeing
gains, marginal gains here this morning.
Nick is flat, but obviously we're still
tracking all the moves in the yen here
this morning. Let's hit the boards and
tell you how the yen and the yen crosses
are doing. We are still holding steady.
Uh, still holding on to most of the
gains, though. We're coming off just a
little bit, but we're treading around
those 154 levels here right now. Uh
interesting to note here, we'll still
watch the dollar uh quite a bit of
retreat that we saw overnight as well.
Does that continue to fuel the precious
metals, the debasement trade? It seems
to be the case. You know, gold continues
to be above 5,000, but you take a look
at silver. We we saw a bit of a retreat
during the US session. Now that's
reinvigorated once again once we did get
that Korea headline. So we are seeing uh
when it comes to spot prices of silver,
we're closer to 110 here this morning.
We're up another 3%. Platinum is
catching a bit here and gold 5026. And
here's how the China open is set up here
this morning. We're expecting some
industrial profit numbers. Uh futures
are flat if not slightly higher here
this morning. And watching remman very
closely that fix coming up later on
69534.
Let's get more now on our top story.
President Trump threatening to hike
tariffs on South Korea to 25%, accusing
Soul of dragging its feet on
implementing last year's trade deal.
Let's get to our Soul Bureau editor,
Denny Thomas, for the latest. Uh Denny,
this this certainly shocked a lot of us
when we saw that headline. Um what do we
know so far on why the Trump
administration is doing this?
>> Yes, so that's a big mystery to a lot of
people in South Korea. uh because the
code uh for this the special bill was
introduced in November and there's a
process for the parliament to go through
before it can be approved. Uh so this
abrupt decision or the message from
Trump is a bit of a mystery. I think
what's happening now is South Korea is
trying to get a messaging across to the
US that how the parliament system works
and what would take for the timeline of
this bill to pass. So that effort is
underway but it's it's clearly bit of a
shocker. uh and a lot of speculation
around what might have triggered it. Uh
there was the finance ministry last week
tried to uh make a message that there is
no delay in the investment that South
Korea has committed uh which is 350
billion. Uh and there was some kind of a
speculation around whether the 20
billion committed under that package
will be not going through in the
immediate future. So there are a lot of
question marks around what has triggered
it. Uh but at at the moment what it
looks like is the parliament is going
through has to approve the bill and
there's no indication that South Korea
is dragging it feed but the message from
Trump seems to be clearly suggesting
that he's not happy with the pace of the
progress. So, South Korea will have to
kind of expedite matters or has to do a
bit of a convincing uh to make sure that
the the you know the the tariffs don't
go back to the 25%.
>> So, so Denny David here by the way now
we have a a better understanding of the
the sort of motivations here on the part
of the US president. I would imagine
it's some version of accelerating the
process. Are what timeline should
investors be uh just working around at
this point time given the latest
developments?
>> Well, I think uh there is a provision uh
to expedite the bill. Now I think the
finance minister is trying to get to the
the head of the opposition party to get
to a stage where this bill can be
expedited and it can pass through. Now
given the given the pressure that has
we've seen from Trump that's a
possibility that the parliament decides
that we need to work on it quickly and
get it resolved but at the same time I
think there's a bit of a
South Korea doesn't want to cave into
everything and approve in one go and
that's why they wanted to go this go
through this bill in detail rather than
you know approving it in in a in a quick
manner but whether this threat will now
revise that position and you can see
that the parliament gets acted together
and quickly passes is a question mark
that's we still waiting to answer for
that.
>> All right, Denny, thank you. Denny
Thomas, there we are expecting to hear
from of course the president Lij Mun
there addressing uh the press there in a
little bit. We'll talk a little more
once we get some sort of comments from
him. Let's bring in now Vincier Group
CIO at Amundi. He joins us here and is
is back in town. Vincent, it's great to
have you.
>> Morning.
>> We're starting off the year with markets
really weighing on a lot of, you know,
tense political backdrops, right?
whether it's geopolitics, whether now
there's an increased threat of of
government shutdown in the US. Once
again, we still don't know who the Fed
chair is. That's unresolved. And then
you have fresh threats like, you know,
South Korean tariffs, for example. How
should I be looking at risk for the rest
of the year?
>> Well, there's a kind of fatigue in the
market. Every day we have some fresh
news that uh you know we had the art of
the deal now we have the concept of the
deal and as you mentioned many uh many
times there is a taco so Trump always
chicken out so it's very difficult to
navigate and finally the market is is
considering that the worst result is for
sure so uh where we need where we need
to see more action is indeed on not
equities for the time being it's more on
forex X so and gold. So it is where um
really the market action is
concentrating on rates as well long
dated. Um but on the equity market it's
fair to say that people are a bit in a
um are getting used to it and so are
just looking forward uh considering that
finally things will will settle in a
nice way. Yeah,
>> earnings will continue to be super good
and there's no reason to panic or to
sell quickly because things are changing
so fast.
>> Yeah. H how is the earnings going to
shape up? You think we have some big
earnings out of the US this week as
well?
>> So, and this um earning season should be
okay. Now what you need to to look at is
what are the prospects and so the
guidances and more importantly for the
next two to three years compared to the
huge investments which has been made
because now innovation is capital
intensive.
>> Yeah.
>> Which is something new and so all these
investments will be advertised into the
accounts in the next three five seven
years. So in front of these investments
will we have revenues higher revenues um
it's not totally for granted for all the
names and so short term it's okay
>> medium longterm I think we'll have lots
of volatility and dispersion between
winners and losers and the winners might
not be the ones you think are winners
today
>> okay
>> and so that's why we we need to broaden
the exposures
>> can you give us an example of something
that maybe people are not appreciating
enough right now. You're talking about
the AI trade, I'm guessing,
>> AI at large. So there are many many
different components
and and and most probably in the future
you will have a few companies which will
really dominate the marketplace
>> on chips on on data centers.
Not only in the US, it can be in China
of course, in South Korea, maybe in
Europe, who knows, maybe a few. Um, and
so the the market will broaden. So this
is what you are playing.
>> Yeah.
>> We are less concentrated on the few Mac7
names, but more on Chinat, a few South
Korean names, Japanese names
>> where we believe value will be created
more there.
>> Yeah. um because the market is very very
optimistic on on on the US mega mega cap
names.
>> Do you think all what's going on in the
US and what you know these the true
social post and like is that only just
fueling this whole ddollarization
debasement trade?
>> For sure. I mean you cannot bully your
allies like this forever and so there
are new alliances that will are starting
to build. Uh the reaction of Europe on
Greenland is quite interesting. is
showing that under pressure you can find
new forms of um of fightback. Um and so
the US will be probably more and more
isolated with a policy mix which is
under pressure deficits. Question mark
on the Fed as you mentioned. So now um
people are starting to sell or to reduce
their US dollar exposures. So the
question mark is what do you do when you
sell
>> your US dollars?
>> What's the alternative
>> is to buy gold. Okay.
>> More and more.
>> Yeah.
>> Because today you don't want really to
buy euro you maybe too early Japanese
yen under pressure too much in my mind.
>> Uh so the alternative is gold and we
have we have seen this a lot with our
clients
>> ourselves. We allocated to gold for the
last two years and a half.
>> Yeah. and and I think it will continue
because gold on the long long term is a
very good protection against debasement
and and and it's a good way to maintain
some purchasing powers.
>> It it's almost but you take a look what
the precious metals are doing. I mean no
one would think that we were so close to
doubling you know the price of silver or
gold even um in almost record timing.
>> Does it seem I mean they're acting more
like meme stocks than than even just
like safety safe havens in some ways.
Right.
>> It is. The the difference is that you
have a physical asset.
>> Yeah.
>> That has been proven for the last 2,000
3,000 years. Um the buyers, the unbears
are essentially institutional central
bankers sovereign Wilsons. So indeed
lately there has been a few speculation,
a few but compared to the meto it's not
at all the same kind of pattern. So we
are much more comfortable um in the fact
that this um this
price action will continue to be
sustained
>> in Japan certainly I'm I'm sure you're
getting a lot of questions from clients
about this should we expect just the
equity market to continue to to to have
legs here and and maybe as you mentioned
right where we're going to see these
concerns is more going to be on bond
markets and and FX
>> what is happening in the in Japan is
super important for me uh so we need to
monitor it closely because Japan is a
big country is a big pool of money and
savings especially abroad invested
abroad and now the Japanese one market
is yielding after cost of edging the
same for Japanese investor as a US
market. So if you're a Japanese
investor, why would you bother buying US
treasuries? Well, you can have the same
return or even higher buying domestic
and and and on top of that, it's good
for the you know are quite
nationalistic. So it's a they would like
to repatriate some money. So if they
start to repatriate investments from
abroad to Japan, then it will it will
lead to an appreciation of the yen quite
mechanically. So yen is is very um
oversold. It's very consensual to be
short yen.
>> Uh we believe I believe now it's good
moment to be long yen. Yen can spike up
a lot. It's undervalued by 10 20%
mineral.
>> Would you be a buyer JGBs now too?
>> It depends if you are Japanese. Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh if you are European or or Chinese
maybe as a diversification.
>> Sure. It's something new because for the
last 20 years it was a forgotten market
and on equities it will really depend on
each and every sector because exporters
will suffer from a strong varian but
domestic names or importers will benefit
>> so we much prefer you know topics like
it's a broad index
>> then le is maybe too much concentrated
on exporters
>> so I mean there will be a lot of
dispersion in the Japanese market but
overall uh I believe there is still
value to be captured in the balance
sheets.
>> Obviously, we've seen bond investors
willing to I I guess act out when it
comes to you know the fiscal concerns
whether you're seeing in Japan whether
you're seeing it
>> in the US. How does that impact credit
you think? Because I'm looking at junk
bond credit spreads globally
>> that they've actually touched the lowest
since I think before the financial
crisis.
>> Absolutely.
>> Is there a need now to step away from
from junk bonds or or do you think you
still see value in them?
>> Well, there are two dimensions. First
one you talk about credit spreads. I
prefer to look at total return because
indeed what you believe um what you
believe in the past was risk-free rate
is not really anymore risk-f free. So um
so what we I mean the tightness of the
spreads is also linked to the fact that
government bonds yields have continued
to increase. Um the second element is
that today in the marketplace there are
still lots of availability of credit.
Banks are very happy to lend private
debt funds have have had many inflows.
So there are many firepower to be
deployed and the primary market is still
wide open. So I mean you can find easily
ways to refinance. So it's an offer and
demand game. So that's why credit
spreads are tight but I believe they
will continue to be tight. So now what
you need to avoid are the idiosyncratic
or the bankruptcies so single name
stories which I'm afraid will continue
to develop. So you need to be very
talented or selective in the way you
pick up your credit.
>> Van thank you Vincent Morty there a
group CEO of Amundi joining us here in
our Hong Kong studios. And coming up on
the China show, we have our exclusive
interview with the Goldman Sachs
chairman and CEO David Solomon on the
firm's expansion plans and opportunities
that they're seeing here in the region.
That's from their global macro
conference in Hong Kong. And we're kind
of on the open of trade in Shanghai,
Shenzhen, and Hong Kong this morning.
Uh, one to watch is going to be Ant
Sports given that they have announced to
buy 29% stake in Puma. Your grand
reference rate there once again 69858
there sub7. Once again, this is a China
show.
Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China Show. A couple of things we're
tracking. So in terms of economic data,
industrial profits for December, we're
also getting some trade numbers coming
through out of Hong Kong. Two big
conferences, of course. I'm here at the
Asian Financial Forum. Steve is at the
Goldman Sachs macro conference. Lots of
exclusive conversations with Seuite's
coming up. And in terms of just names to
watch, uh both on transactions, separate
transactions, Jeene and Ant Sports, Ant
of course making the move for Puma and
Zin of course separately both are
indicated higher ahead of the opening
balon.
>> Yep. Uh we already saw the market
reaction to Zing a bit yesterday as well
and Ally the one that they are acquiring
also rallied in Canada. So certainly
there might be some pretty big uh price
action here today and really in the
backdrop of what has been a very very uh
fruitful sort of IPO market so far this
year. And we did speak with Chinese
investment bank CIC and how they're
rebuilding its IPO pipeline and
strengthening due diligence as scrutiny
intensifies following a surge in Hong
Kong share sales. Speaking to us on the
sidelines of the AFF, vice chairman and
president Wong Shu Guan also shared
their outlook for deals this year.
>> For the past year 2027, 2025, a lot of
mega deal
come to the market. Say CL.
>> Yes. say,
say Cherry Motors, say Salis Motor and
then and a lot of eggshare companies
when they want to expand their business
to to to the global market, they come to
Hong Kong
for this year. And I think maybe a not
so huge capital company. Most of them
have already
>> okay
>> close their
>> debut in in Hong Kong. So in in our
pipeline there are a lot of pipeline
uh lot of market cap come market cap
about 100 billion remb say this kind of
of Asia company will come to Hong Kong
and and together with lot of promising
new in new economy company come to Hong
Kong. There are many new names that not
a lot of people outside China have heard
about and there seems to be this
information gap between foreign
investors who want to invest but
sometimes some of the names they don't
really know. There's not enough research
and I wonder how a big a big firm like
CIC can help
improve the access to these Chinese
companies and research you know the
information that people need to make the
proper decisions.
You ask a very good question. You know,
now there are more than 340
applicants for Hong Kong stock exchange
for for the IPO.
It's really a a big challenge for
investment bank to write the the paper.
You know, for the past years, we have to
put our resource to write report. You
know for this kind of promising company
but with great potential even they are
not very big. We will put out put put
our resource into this kind of research
and and educate the investors.
We believe we have a very great
competitive advantage. You know now CSC
for our investment bank we have start
our system systematically coverage to
the early stage tech company
>> and regulators have been a bit concerned
about the deal quality of some of these
listings as well. Have you heard of any
signs of of them trying to at least
tighten some of the easing requirements
or the like?
You know being a investment bank you
have to pay attention to your work
quality.
You have to be responsible for your
investors. So it's why we are now
rebuild our pipeline. We want to
through our thorough due diligence to
find the right candidates come to to
Hong Kong for for those company with
great potential but now are not so
mature. We will persuade the
entrepreneur to wait and get the next
market window.
>> Okay.
>> Rather than now.
And that was Wong Shuan, their CICC
vicechairman and president speaking to
us there at the AFF. And as we countdown
to, of course, uh, day two of what's
going on at the convention center. Also,
we have that Goldman Sachs macro
conference underway here. Expected David
Solomon, the CEO of Goldman to join us
in the next hour. We're taking a look at
Zujing Mining shares, right? As Dave
mentioned, two different sort of M&A
deals to tell you about. Zuing Mining,
this is about buying allied gold at a
time when yeah, gold prices are hitting
those records, right? The mining already
up uh another 4% here right now. Futures
and pre-market hanging is giving uh
pointed to a higher open. Plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Good morning. Welcome back. You're
watching the China Show. Uh we're just
looking at markets coming into the open
today. So, a couple of things, right?
You this massive meltup and I think
we're still feeling that despite it
coming back off of off highs right now
as far as the metal space is concerned.
So, we talk about the massive move in
silver, gold. You look at likes of the
market like Australia for example
separately but related to that Zujin
mining is a stock we're tracking today
on the back of simply of course that
meltup in in in precious metals and of
course that transaction Ivon that's also
boosting the share price today among
many other names on top of the macro
right we have trade numbers coming out
and I believe we also have December
industrial profits coming through in a
couple of minutes.
Yeah, that's going to be the key to
watch, although it could be a more of a
negative print and a negative story
given just the the high base effects
that we're dealing with with this set.
So, that certainly is one thing to watch
in the next few moments. But right now,
your market open is looking like this.
We are seeing a bit of a retreat when it
comes to Chinese onshore stocks here
this morning. Shenzhen is leading the
charge. We're down about 410 of 1% uh
and watching very closely what happens
when it comes to uh the star 50s, the
small caps, and how those are doing uh
given the rally that really has
outperformed some of these major
benchmarks out there. So, we're flat
when it comes to CSI 300. Not a whole
lot of risk here right now. Um, you take
a look at what we're seeing in Hong
Kong. Perhaps we'll see a little bit
more conviction on this market. Um, at
least right now, you are seeing more
green on the screen. Then again, MCI
China is now uh coming off of there.
We're down about 1%. Uh, Alibaba is
interesting to note there. They just
released this latest AI reasoning model
as well. Dollar China also we're
watching very closely as once again a
fix that was sub seven just given the
weakness that we saw in the dollar
overnight and yen really holding on to
their gains uh after of course the
intervention risk that traders are
looking at now uh 69543
for Chinese and so certainly that's one
thing to watch as well uh hang property
that continues to be a very up arrow
story here when you take a look at you
know they this this gauge itself has
basically outperformed the hang sang as
people start to price it in the bottom
uh when it comes to the property market
in Hong Kong. Uh we have a Jardine
coming up later on to tell us a little
bit more about their outlook. But let's
talk about those deals that were
announced overnight. Right. So, Ding
Mining, that's the one here. Uh looking
at allied gold at a time when of course
gold hitting 5,000 that certainly is
helping uh the overall the deal activity
and the like. But yes, this adds their
gold portfolio here. City is saying
could add to their output also when it
comes to profitability. Zigin gold up
close to 4% here right now. on Ant as
well confirming our earlier reporting
that they will be taking a stake uh in
Puma as well. Does that set the stage
for a full takeover is certainly one
question the market is asking but Ant
Sports is up 2 and a half% on the face
of that. PopMart is interesting as well.
We continue to see uh you know the
shares have been rallying here. We're
coming off a little bit here. Perhaps
it's because of the some of the warning
signs Bernstein is flagging. They cut
their price target for PopMart shares uh
from $225 a piece to 181 saying the
downgrade risk remain for the Chinese
toy maker despite that recent 20 plus
rally on some tactical catalysts
including buybacks. So uh there is that
US sales risk that they're flagging here
right now. So shares are slightly to the
downside but really we talk about you
know the the old parts of this sort of
market right away from the AI trades
away from uh you know what's really
confueling this equity market of late
you are starting to see signs of value
popping up in in these old traditional
sort of overlooked industries or sectors
I should say and the Hong Kong property
space is certainly one that is kind of
shedding more of a light these days. If
you take a look at some of these stocks
like Sunong Kai, for example, they
basically hit those 52- week highs uh
for these stocks, maybe it's a sign that
maybe things where the worst is behind
us when it comes to liquidity concerns
and the like. Obviously, we've been
getting a lot of news on on New World
and we're still watching that company
very closely, Dave. But certainly that
it brings a lot of focus on whether, you
know, has that all been priced in all
that bad news. It's interesting too with
Hong Kong based investment company Jardy
Mat now has a new CEO who took the helm
in December and the company says it's
transitioning from being an owner
operator to a long-term engaged
investor. Now it's a portfolio includes
companies such as DFI Retail and Men and
Oriental. The new CEO is standing by now
with Dave at the AFF. Dave.
Yeah, in some ways Ivonne big change is
is coming in some ways many things are a
bit different. I think it's really key
really the nuance in terms of just
conceptual clarity on how things are
changing you know you know see we're
about to speak in in a couple of seconds
really overseas and to many of us are
really part of our daily lives right
across the Asia Pacific joining us
exclusively here on set is Lin Kan the
new CEO of course good morning and very
nice to see you congratulations by the
way on the new gig. Morning David. Thank
you for having us.
>> So a few weeks into the job.
>> Uh it's about it's about two months.
>> It's about two months. Okay. Two months.
How do things feel?
>> Look, it's a tremendous platform. Uh I
have a number of tremendous CEOs to work
with. It's uh I have a family who is a
principal shareholder of business who
we've been in discussions about this for
a long time. So there's not really a
adjustment period or 90 days smoothing
in. It's just we're getting right into
it, right? There's just so much to do
with the portfolio.
>> Okay. So initial take on obviously it's
too early to talk about details but just
broad direction they bring in someone
like you of course with your background
>> where do you start I think the first and
foremost is there's a lot of capital can
be managed in many different ways it
needs to start with what does our board
and our principal shareholders want from
their investments ultimately when you
want put in when you put a dollar with
Jardines you're getting a high quality
high governance principled approach to
running and driving businesses in Asia.
That's the first and most important
thing. So when people put money with us,
it is to make sure we put in great
management teams align with the total
shareholder return of the business,
sustainability objectives which are
achieved over a life cycle of the
business and wonderful great governance
where we make sure these businesses do
the right thing. If you put all that
together, we are a builder of
businesses. What makes us ideally a
controlling owner of businesses? So I
think what you'll see us do and the
business didn't have this discipline
over the past decade is go away from
depending on others to drive our capital
but really recycling and moving our
capital to control positions around the
region where we can put our imprint on
the running of those assets
>> and I guess beyond just semantics right
you know the dropping or the preference
of not being called a conglomerate but
investment holding company just walk us
through the the nuance what's what's the
key difference in your view
>> yeah I mean I think we can't really
control what people call us. But the
association of conglomerate is sleepy
capital often related party transactions
where certain minority share certain
shareholders benefit over others. That
is the overhang few of conglomerates.
But principally the issue why they have
a discount is slippy capital. It just
sits there. It doesn't do anything.
We're already showing showing the
market. We're an active manager of
capital. And that's what we need to be.
We need a team to do this. We need to
look at our assets every single day.
Does it hit our hurdle rate of returns?
Is there a better place to allocate that
capital in three years, four years, five
years? Is that return on capital going
to decline? We need to be actively
looking at every single one of our
positions in the group and making this
day-to-day evaluation. There's always
investment opportunities out there. So,
we need to think about, can we get
access to those opportunities? Are we
the right owners of those businesses?
This is just about active capital
management of everything that we have.
And we hope if investors have seen over
the past six months, we're already
taking active decisions to exit some
weaker proportions of our portfolio. and
also reallocate uh capital toward parts
of our business we're more excited
about.
>> And I guess just to close the loop on
one of the concepts there in terms of
the holding structure, the structure at
which you return money to shareholders,
does anything change at the very top end
of that or is it really how you approach
or the philosophy that you take when you
look at a capital?
>> Yeah, the the holding company is what it
is, right? This is something that's been
there for a long time. And I think to
unwind it is not a principal priority
for us. But looking across our entire
holding structure, there are
inefficiencies in our holding structure
and there are things we're already doing
about it. You can see uh in our effort
earlier in September to privatize
Mandarin Oriental. This is a perfect
example of this. 88% owned by Jardines,
12% owned by minority shareholders, very
little public float. We could triple the
earnings of this business. The stock
would barely move. It is absolutely
wrong to have that business in a public
domain. It's why we we basically
sprinted to take that company into the
privatization and we feel so excited to
work with Lauron Kleman and his senior
management team to build that business
over the next four to five years and
give them the chance to realize the
equity return that that business
deserves. It would never be able to do
that under a under a public ownership
>> and would that be the same philosophy
across your portfolio when you look at
you know the most tightly held of your
holdings.
Do you is that approach to go that you
might look is is the orientation to
privatize those that are as tightly
held?
>> It's a great question. Uh but I would
say we are always looking at that. Okay.
>> But don't assume we will use the same
tools.
>> Right. Okay. In terms of the cadence at
which you're turning over your capital
in the portfolio.
Will the next few years see a a lot more
frequent moves than the last few? Um,
>> it's hard to actually predict, but as a
person who worked in private capital for
the past decade, you're always kind of
behind,
>> right? That's how I kind of wake up
every day. It's like, look, are we doing
enough for our business? Are we driving
our business hard enough? So, there's
not like a let's do one thing a quarter,
right? We should do everything that we
should every quarter that we can, right?
That's my mindset toward taking over
that this business is like it's not we
should always be trying to do more. We
should be always trying to push returns
in our business. And the fact that the
holding company, let's put it that way,
has been around for generations just
underscores the fact that it's remained
relevant through the times. And when you
look at, not to say that they're not
valuable businesses, because they are,
but is there an orientation to look at
the the portfolio and maybe increase the
amount of new economy companies in
there? How do you look at that?
>> So, I think without getting too specific
at this point, what we have is already a
very very large asset base. David, you
and I wanted to start a new investment
firm today and we had we just had money,
right? We be starting to look at things
like AI, data centers because look,
those are clear growth drivers in Asia.
I need to think about that, but I also
need to think about the types of assets
we have in our portfolio today. Jardines
is very overweight uh a portfolio that's
Hong Kong, Southeast Asia. That's very
it is very overweight, heavy asset
industries. So as I think about managing
our portfolio, the first thing I wake up
and thinking about is not new industry.
It is mixing the types of returns we get
from the capital we have in play. Like
we're looking for balanced return. We're
not looking for spikes up and down. If
you see what we're going to try to do in
Jardines over the next 5 years, it is
steady increase of dividend per share.
It is steady increase of our over
earnings and a recycling of lower
quality earnings into higher quality
earnings. What that is and what industry
you
>> and how you do that is going to be
interesting. But yes, increasing the
dividend. We heard it here first.
>> Uh no, I guess in terms of just the
Well, I had to just ask you because
headquartered in Hong Kong, listed in
the UK, listed in Singapore, and of
course the others are listed in many
places. Is it even part of the
conversation to to have a dual listing
here in Hong Kong? Has that I'm sure
that's come up.
>> I I think if you think about it is right
listing structure for right company,
right? It's not simply like we need
okay, we having an extra listing here.
Is that good for the group? It's not as
simple as that. We need to think about
is the investor base in Hong Kong the
right mix for one of our businesses. We
should consider Hong Kong as an option.
But it's it's not like a simple we I get
a lot of like banker books. It's like
this will naturally kick your multiple
up a certain percentage. Well, that's
their incentive to do that.
>> It's not so easy. I often describe it as
this is banker math, right? It's not
real math of what happens in your
business.
>> Okay, that sounds like a very long
podcast to do. Lincoln, fantastic. Thank
you so much for spending time with us.
like we have a lot more stories to tell
with you guys in the coming months and
years. Guys, back to you guys in the
studio. Ivon link pan there for CEO of
Jardine Mat.
>> Yeah, it's great to hear from them. It
certainly is uh great to hear what where
the restructuring goes uh in the future
there as well. So, our thanks to Lincoln
Pan for coming on the China show uh for
the first time. You take a look when it
comes to the industrial profits numbers
that perhaps we just missed here. But it
was actually interesting, right? Because
it seems like the slump that we've seen
for much of this year has now been
reversed for at least for December. So
climbed. We saw industrial profits uh
5.3%
and that's compared to a plunge of more
than 13% in November. So uh maybe the
signs that you know the deflation
concerns around producers uh may be
seeing signs of easing here. But we are
seeing dollar China there coming off
from some of the strength that we're
seeing at 69545
this morning. Still ahead, we'll be live
at the Goldman Sachs Global Macro
Conference in Hong Kong and speaking
with former DreamWorks boss turned AI
investor Jeffrey Kazenberg and he'll be
joined with former Dropbox CFO SUJ Stwa
discuss their $3 billion VC firm
Wonderco. That's next. This is
Bloomberg.
The annual Goldman Sachs Global Macro
Conference is underway in Hong Kong with
top finance and industry leaders
discussing key factors shaping the
global economy and markets. Let's cross
over to the event where our chief
Malaysia correspondent Stephen Engel is
standing by with our next guests. Steve.
>> All right. Thanks a lot, Ivon. We're
going to talk about venture capital in
particular in the AI space with our next
two guests who are sitting across from
me. Jeffrey Katzenberg, obviously we
don't need to introduce you. You are
>> Please, let's take the whole 10 minutes
and introduce me, Steve.
>> They're playing music in the kitchen.
>> Yeah, the kitchen is banging next to us.
obviously DreamWorks and Disney and all
the the great accolades of storytelling
and animation that you've you've had and
and Sujasua uh you were the former CFO
of Dropbox among many other uh
>> not too many other things
>> well you are the Silicon Valley
representative here as far as venture
capital as far as Wonderco you are
co-founding partners there three billion
plus plus venture capital firm uh
investing in tech and AI let's begin
with you Jeffrey
>> what attracted you as You migrated away
from the big studio models to you did
also Quebe I believe which was the which
was the the
>> which is now
working they're actually monetizing that
in China you were ahead of you ahead of
your time so
>> so it's better to be ahead than behind
so you know
>> so you went to the venture capital world
uh what what are you bringing to that in
2016 to now
>> so um tech for those decades that I was
in media and entertainment was always a
competitive advantage. Um, I wanted the
filmmakers that I worked with to have
state-of-the-art tech. Steven Spielberg
when he made JH build a giant shark out
of plastic and dragged it behind a
motorboat. That was a special effect,
>> you know, and you look at over the years
and so I was constantly going to Silicon
Valley to get the best tech for our
storytellers. And so I've always had a
appreciation and uh admiration for what
Silicon Valley has done and has
continued to do. So when I sold
DreamWorks 10 years ago, the natural
thing for act three for me was to go
into company building and venture
capital around tech. And I needed to go
find somebody that knows everything that
I don't know, which is a lot. And that's
where I found my partner in SUJ.
>> To extrapolate on the Jaws theme, Quint
said, "We need a bigger boat." Right.
Right. So, he comes to Silicon Valley.
What do you bring to the table as far as
what you're looking for? I mean, venture
capital is shotgunning. You have to look
at a lot of different companies, uh,
pre-profit companies as well. You have
to believe in their management.
>> I'm going to take a different thing. I
think it's actually truffle hunting.
>> Truffle hunting.
>> A little bit different than shotgunning.
It's about finding the best, the rarest,
the most talented people. You're not
just shotgunning blindly. No,
>> you you're you're putting the pig to
sniff out the the real uh gems.
>> What do you bring?
>> Well, so I grew up in Silicon Valley.
>> So my whole life has been tech. It's
been um you know, since if you remember
30 years ago, we didn't have phones. We
didn't have anything. And now the AI
revolution is, I think, going to change
70 80% of what our day-to-day lives look
like. You know, the funny thing about
Jeffrey is that he is a total force of
nature. And he introduced like his
network is incredible. His work ethic is
incredible. And when you think about
what's happening in Silicon Valley right
now, it's about bridging all of these
futuristic technologies and getting the
largest companies in the world to adopt
them, getting consumers to start
thinking in new ways uh to keep up with
the future. And for me, that's what
makes it exciting.
>> So, who are you investing in? I know
you're not necessarily doing the big
hardware players. You're not hypers
scaling. You're not large language
model. You're building or supporting
companies that add the applications to
platforms. And you're platform agnostic,
I would assume.
>> Yes.
>> Whichever whichever large language model
or whichever uh AI platform,
>> we're platform agnostic. The truth is at
$3 billion, we're about one or two days
of infrastructure spend in the data
center space across the entire world. So
really what we're focused on is what is
in 10 years likely to be the most
transformative uses of AI. The
enterprise application layer is amazing.
But we also look at what's happening in
consumer. You know we're seed investors
in Poly Market. Uh Yasier which is the
super app of North Africa. Quint which
is revolutionizing e-commerce in
America. So all these consumer things
are incredible as well. And we almost
kind of jokingly call it our anti AI
portfolio. You know you got to have a
little bit of both. Do you see any
parallels at all to the dot boom and
then bust as far as that was a a rise of
a new platform?
>> I don't I don't think I I know that that
is a reference point. I don't think it's
analogous. I think the value creation
here that we're even we're seeing no
matter how much the capital expenditure
is, you're seeing these companies grow
at a rate that's never ever happened
before. and the adaption by consumer and
they're paying for it. It's just when
you're spending $600 billion a year in
infrastructure, is that revenue model
going to actually accelerate quick
enough to you know there for there to be
a valid ROI on that in it? But um this
is not a this is not a bust bubble. This
may be
>> what what about a shakeout? I mean, do
you see what does the shakeout look in
the AI space as the a lot of capital
that has been put towards it?
>> I don't know. We're pretty optimistic
here. I don't want to be I really don't
feel like I'm a naysayer about it, but I
I would just say caution is actually,
you know, a a good lens to look at this
through. So, we has not stopped us from
investing, but it makes us treat each
one of things. It's like a silver
bullet. you know, if you're going to
take a shot, you should find the best
companies doing the best work. And
whether that's a later stage company
like Data Bricks or Figma, you know, or
SpaceX or uh uh there just there's so
many great companies out there right now
that we do believe in the anthropic.
It's I mean they're doing amazing work
and there's real value creation going
on. What is the endg game then? Is it
taking it to the public markets? uh IPOs
and
>> sure always obviously but where where
are you on that trajectory with the your
portfolio of companies?
>> Well, so one of the things that's very
unique about us is we start a company
every year.
>> We call it our builds. We are in the
process of taking potentially taking two
of those builds public hopefully this
year. So that'll be an exciting
milestone but it's definitely not the
endgame. You know the endgame is these
companies should have products that
hundreds of millions of people hopefully
are using in 10 or 15 years. That's
really what's exciting for us. So how
transformative are these technologies
and how far and fast have they come that
enable you to do what you want to do in
your storytelling and in your business
application to become profitable as
well?
>> Well, so if let's just fast forward and
say you know what what are the if you
just say what is AGI in a company?
>> Mhm.
>> It's Whimo.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Whimo is an example of something
where the AI and in combination with the
data, the sensory data, allows a car to
do what a human used to do and it does
it spectacularly well. I don't know if
you've sat in one yet, but it's it's
magical, right? It's a magical
experience and
>> and way safer than humans, right? So,
it's not just that it's magical, it's
also infinitely
>> safer. Yeah. And so, so for us in the
earlier stage companies, we're trying to
achieve that kind of application of
technology. Yeah. you know, how do we
actually use something that will change
how we all live our daily lives?
>> What about your exposure to Chinese tech
companies? How how much do you have
that? I mean, they're going gang busters
as well and autonomous driving and and
all the different companies that have
come public here in the last year in
Hong Kong.
>> Yeah. What I would say is is there was a
period of time in which things were kind
of frozen between
>> worlds and now you can see it thawing.
Um, so I don't think the moment is here
quite yet where we're able to actually
invest in mainland China, but certainly
in the region, uh, a lot of exciting
things going on and investments that we
are looking at here. We have a handful
of very very important LPs that come
from the region who are, uh, great
partners for us. So, we're we're
optimistic. We've been back here in Hong
Kong three times in less than a year.
All right, SJ and Jeffrey, thanks so
much for your time on Bloomberg
television. We could do a whole half
hour show on this next time. Next time
coming, we didn't even talk about
Netflix and Warner. Oh, I got a lot of
thoughts about half hour show by the
way.
>> All right, we're we're going to bring
them back, guys. Ivon, I'm going to send
it back to you. I only scratched the
surface of this great topic.
>> You really did. Even just the movie
lines itself uh got me all interested.
Thanks, of course, Steve, for bringing
that interview with us with Jeffrey
Katzenberg and Sue Jazu there from
Wonder Co. And coming up, we'll be
speaking with Goldman Sachs's chairman
and CEO, David Solomon, for the
company's expansion plans and key growth
areas here in the region. That exclusive
interview in the next hour. Just
bringing you pictures out here in Hong
Kong. That press briefing uh with the
chief executive John Lee uh making this
announcement that Eric Zang uh this is
of course the post of secretary for
constitutional mainland affairs for the
city has resigned due to health reasons.
There was some early reports uh from
local media uh that he was going to be
stepping down. Uh and this is kind of in
the midst of a high level reshuffle that
we've seen within Lee's government here
just a year ago. Uh Lee did fire the
minister for tourism and transport as
well. Uh just given Hong Kong struggling
to revive the tourism sector in the wake
of COVID as well. So certainly uh we're
seeing a bit more changes at the top
there. Today it's more on the Hong Kong
mainland affairs chief and we have seen
according to Shinua the state council
has accepted the recommendation from
John Lee to remove Eric Zang from that
post. Another check on markets here
right now. Tech stocks and particularly
when it comes to some of these homegrown
chip makers continue to fall for another
day here this morning. Uh that you know
are reporting about how you know China
is telling Alibaba and some of these
tech firms to get ready for Nvidia H200
orders that seems to continue to weigh
on some of these stocks here today. BU
is down another 1% so is SMIC. HS's tech
overall is weaker this morning. And
we're watching some of these Chinese
airlines as well, just given of course
some of the tensions with Japan that
continue here. Uh Beijing discouraging
travel to Japan during the Lunar New
Year holiday. Airlines are up in China.
This is the China Show.
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session here and we continue to see some
up arrow story here. We're up about 610
of 1%. Tech is slightly on offer here
today mostly because of some of these
chip stocks uh in China that are falling
for another day. So certainly that's one
thing to watch. When you take a look at
the rest of Asia though, we are taking
things in stride when it comes to these
new terror threats with the Trump
administration once again hitting at its
allies and this time it's South Korea.
Cosby, interesting enough, we're
actually seeing games near session highs
now of of more than 1%. So, what's
really driving that is the likes of
Samsung and the like that seem to be
really kind of ignoring some of these
tariff threats here right now. Uh is
there a sense really Dave that you know
it's the taco tray coming through that
in the end he does back down uh this is
more just tactical nature according to
some of the guests that we've talked to
as well. Can we flip the boards and show
what the Cosby is doing here right now
guys? Uh Korean Juan certainly that's
going to be the focus here. There was
some weakness early on but it it really
is continue to be um an equity story
here as we speak. the rest of Asia.
We're actually talking about excuse me
those records as well. Dave,
>> I can take it. Let me take it. Okay.
>> Yeah. All right. Yeah. Okay. So, what
are we doing? Okay. I mean, the cost
index is interesting, right? Because
well, I think for one, Ivonne was just
pointing out the fact that we did open
weaker reactionary function of the
markets. Not that it's completely
disappeared. What we've noticed is the
cadence at which it goes away has
shortened quite quickly. Uh and I think
you know the point is 1.4% 4% although
underneath the hood I'm curious to see
really how those specific uh sectors are
actually playing out right so things
like lumber and pharma for example I
think we'll dig into the market action
and any nuance we need to hit there in a
moment here uh very quickly we're
looking at Asia Pacific we are near
records as far as the benchmark is
concerned you have Taiwan you have the
NK where I think the dollar is coming
back today so it's the opposite of the
the strength across Asian FX earlier uh
in the week coming up on your screens
right uh very brief look at the currency
markets Since we're talking about that
Bloomberg dollar index, dollar China,
dollar Korea, dollar Japan. Um, as we
approach, I guess, uh, as we approach
not just the Fed, beyond that, of
course, it's a conversation around the
elections over in Japan. What has been
consistent is this bid where you're
feeling across the precious metal space,
right? So, silver is pulling back and
that should not come as at a as a
surprise at all given the best day in
what was it 18 years? Uh, nearly two
decades yesterday. So, we punched to
115. We're, you know, it's it's weird
for me to even say it. We're correcting
on silver prices back to back to 110.
Gold seems to be still catching a bid.
Uh, just one note as well. I'm looking
at turnover in China. Mainland turnover
yesterday topping 3 trillion. In the
first 30 minutes of the session, we have
in fact already now at 32 minutes in, we
have now topped 1 trillion. So it
remains very very active in the onshore
space and certainly here the
conversations here at AFF where I am is
there's a really big representation of
conversations around mainland companies
uh going abroad and expanding abroad and
when you look at that list really of of
panelists there it's it's it's your big
EV players and some of the big consumer
names as well in fact one of them will
be joining us and show us later today to
just help us understand how that
overseas footprint looks like. Brian Goo
will be joining us here of course out of
Xbang. He's part of that conversation. I
believe should be starting any time now
and of course we'll have him here on set
uh once we have that window. Uh in the
meantime though, let's get back to
markets. Let's bring in Lenting, our
Asian equities managing editor with us
right now uh to just help us understand
the state of markets. It's as if that
negative headline out of Donald Trump
didn't happen. Uh how are we covering
this this rally today, Lenting?
Yeah, it's really tuggle trade on full
display that we're seeing in Korea
today. And that's also reminding us of
the Canadian stock market reaction to
the 100% tariff threat. I believe the
Canadian benchmark was down just 0.2% on
Monday. So right now, I think uh
whatever Trump is saying in terms of
tariff threats, people are really taking
that with a pinch of salt. And in Korea
particularly um it is because Trump and
Korea they both wanted the same outcome
which is to have that 15% tariffs. So
Trump is basically adding a bit of a
pressure for the Korean legislation to
speed up things a little bit. So that is
because that is why people see very
limited impact and today we also hear
people say that they are prepared to dip
by just because there's a lot of FOMO
going on in the Korean market with the
benchmark rallying 90% in the last 12
months. So for the for those that
haven't really added position they're
really looking for opportunities to do
so. Uh so and also chip stocks that they
are reporting earnings on Thursday and
we're looking at SK Hannix and Samsung
reporting earnings both on the same day
almost for the first time ever. So that
is to some market participants
indication that both companies may have
very good results to report.
>> Yeah, it's interesting too Lenting when
when people you know see these headlines
now it's almost like fatigue right that
that they've seen it before. it's
actually more of an opportunity for them
to buy on dips as you say than actually
take away risk or at least uh retreat
from it. So that you know I if we we're
willing to kind of overlook that what's
still going to be top of mind and
driving equities here we're we're
already talking about near records when
it comes to Asia now
>> yeah Asia markets is definitely doing
better uh versus Europe and US right now
that's because Asia is right now seeing
seen as a bit of a stability uh in the
global chaos uh we are seeing you know
middle eastern tensions with Iran we're
also seeing the US and European
tensions. So Asia with the big AI supply
chain based in Asia that's basically
emerging as a top buy for a lot of folks
out there.
>> All right, Lanting, we got to leave it
there. Lanting too, our managing editor
for Asia equities uh in Singapore where
you know you are seeing Asian stocks
perhaps being that sort of refuge uh in
the midst of all this geopolitical
uncertainty, right? whether you're
seeing the US and EU and the like as
well, but Korea shrugging it off at
least for now when it comes to the
Cosby. Um, you know, it brings to a lot
of discussions about what's to come
geopolitically in terms of the US and
its allies. And I think maybe the next
sort of flash point to watch is the UK
prime minister's trip to China, right?
Kirst Star heads to the mainland this
week and ahead of that was a great
interview that he did with Bloomberg
Dave that the country he says will not
be forced to choose between the US and
Beijing. as we've seen, you know, given
these, you know, visits that we've seen
from the South Korean president, you
know, and the like, um, you know,
navigating both sides is going to be a
challenge.
>> That that's a good way to describe it,
navigating and not choosing between both
sides, right? And I think the economic
reality is he w he needs to prioritize
the economic relationship here given, of
course, the complexity of geopolitics.
And I believe he's coming bringing some
60 leaders whether that's in academia of
course across businesses on that trip
and just to underscore the importance of
this relationship still between the two
and I think we've seen something similar
um uh with the French for example and
the Chinese very recently and the
Canadians and the Chinese as well. So I
would expect the same dynamics to play
out and of course I would imagine them
getting the same questions as far as
world leaders are concerned to pick pick
between the two biggest economies in the
world and how you know how do you pick a
side of course given just uh the
importance of both but it is complex but
we've seen them come this part of the
world Ion and I expect them to keep
coming of course as it pertains to this
relationship with with with mainland
China.
Yeah, you know, especially when on the
back of what we heard from Mark Carney,
the the prime minister of Canada, really
talking about, you know, the middle
powers need to engage, right? And
certainly, uh, the UK is going to be the
next to really watch on how they do so.
Um, still ahead though, we're going to
talk a lot more about geopolitics, our
exclusive interview with the US
ambassador to China, David Purdue, as
President Trump prepares to visit
Beijing in April. That's going to be
coming up on Insight with Helina Amond
at the times on your screen. But first,
more from the Goldman Sachs Global Macro
Conference in Hong Kong with our very
own Steve. Steve, what's on tap?
Well, on tap is our exclusive interview
with Goldman Sachs chairman and CEO
David Solomon. It's just ahead. We'll be
asking, of course, about their expansion
plans and opportunities in the
Asia-Pacific. You're not going to want
to miss that. We'll be right back. This
is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. Uh you're watching the
China show. So this time yesterday here
at the AFF, we were having this
conversation with CICC. That's of course
Chinese investment bank. They were the
top underwriter last year here in Hong
Kong. So what they're doing is they're
rebuilding their IPO pipeline. They're
looking to strengthen the due diligence.
The scrutiny certainly has intensified
following this deal surge uh here here
in the city. And if we look at the
pipeline this year, largely expected to
surpass uh last year's activity. Now
speaking to us here, of course around
this time yesterday, the vice chair and
president also talked about uh the
outlook particularly around specific
deals to watch in 2026.
for the past year 2027 2025 a lot of
mega deal
come to the market say CL
>> yes
>> saya
say cherry motor say salis motor and and
a lot of eggshare companies
when they want to expand their business
to to to the global market they come to
Hong Kong
for this year. I think maybe a not so
huge capital company. Most of them have
already
>> okay
>> closed their
>> debut in in Hong Kong. So in in our
pipeline there are a lot of pipeline
uh lot of market cap come market cap
about 100 billion remb say this kind of
of Asia company will come to Hong Kong
and and together with lot of promising
new in new economy company come to Hong
Kong. There are many new names that not
a lot of people outside China have heard
about and there seems to be this
information gap between foreign
investors who want to invest but
sometimes some of the names they don't
really know. There's not enough research
and I wonder how a big a big firm like
CIC can help
improve the access to these Chinese
companies and research you know the
information that people need to make the
proper decisions.
You ask a very good question. You know,
now there are more than 340
applicants for Hong Kong stock exchange
for for the IPO.
It's really a a big challenge for
investment bank to write the the paper.
You know, for the past years, we have to
put our resource to write report. You
know for this kind of promising company
but with great potential even they are
not very big. We will put put our
resource into this kind of research and
and educate the investors
as I we believe we have a very great
competitive advantage you know. Now CSCC
for our investment bank we have start
our system systematically coverage to
the early stage tech company
>> and regulators have been a bit concerned
about the deal quality of some of these
listings as well. Have you heard of any
signs of of them trying to at least
tighten some of the easing requirements
or the like? Being a investment bank,
you have to pay attention to your work
quality.
You have to be responsible for your
investors. So it's why we are now
rebuild our pipeline. We want to
through our thorough due diligence to
find the right candidates come to to
Hong Kong for for those company with
great potential but now are not so
mature. We will persuade the
entrepreneur to wait and get the next
market window.
>> Okay.
>> Rather than now.
>> Okay. There will be there will be more
market windows. Be be patient.
>> Yes. I I I fully believe there will be a
a slow bull market in the coming years
>> which I guess takes us to now the
industry itself, you guys and your peers
and the dynamics we're seeing. We've
seen a lot of consolidation in the
industry. What are your thoughts on
competition and consolidation among you
and your peers and what you guys are
doing specifically?
>> Yes. uh the consolidation
is very good for the whole industry. You
know in China there are more than 100
investment banks.
uh around 30 30 investment banks are
doing the the
capital markets business say IPO for
long offering
but in in the global market in the glo
in the international competition you
know there are only say about seven bank
from Europe and the US
>> right
>> compete in this market
>> if you want to
deliver better service to our clients to
our investors. We have become stronger
and with
better risk and control capability
>> to service this kind of first tier
clients. So no consolidation,
no one will become stronger, no one will
become full scale service provider. It's
why I think this kind of consolidation
is
is a a very good track and a a very good
a very good regulatory
environment to for our for the city and
for our major competitors in the market.
We will
put more attention
to our internal
management
advance rather for the
price competition. I think it's it's
it's really good for for this industry.
>> That was Wong Shuang, their CICC vice
chairman and president there speaking to
us at AFF. Uh yeah, this is a big deal
to tell you about here today when it
comes to Zing. they are agreeing to buy
Alli Gold for $4 billion. Of course,
this is the Canadian uh gold miner and
the like. So, certainly going to be a
lot of questions about uh the regulatory
side of things here and really what you
know in terms of how this is going to
help their gold output, right? They you
know do own mines in Africa as well
among other sort of uh assets as well.
Let's get to our metals and mining
reporter Martin Richie joins us out of
Shanghai to to walk us through a little
bit more the rationale of this deal and
does it make sense according to what the
analysts are saying. Now, Martin,
>> yeah, we've seen uh Zigene Mining, it's
the parent company, uh go up to another
uh record this morning. Obviously, this
comes at a time of very high gold
prices. We're now well above uh $5,000
an ounce. So, it's a good business to be
getting into. Zigene is a very has been
a very acquisitive company. It's become
uh one of the world's top three miners
through adding mostly gold and copper
assets all around the world. And this is
actually one of its biggest ever uh
acquisitions. It's a Canadian company,
but it's an Africa focused uh mining
company mines in in Mali, Ivory Coast,
and one coming up in uh Ethiopia. And I
think one of the important things about
this is it's a very much a growth asset
with a lot of new production coming
online in the next few years up to 25
tons of gold by 2029. So the reception
to the deal so far has been has been
positive uh on the analyst side I think.
>> Yeah. You know, Martin, yesterday, in
fact, we were Ivon and I were here at uh
at the AFF and we in you know, we were
speaking with the World Gold Council CEO
and you know, you one of the things that
so far hasn't gotten enough attention,
but this deal I guess in some ways
highlights this is we you know, these
gold mining these gold miners are coming
off a banner year, right? And they're
probably going to be sitting on a lot of
cash. They're about to report some
blockbuster earnings. And I wonder
whether this is simply the start of a
lot of transactions in the sector given
just the there's they're swimming in in
a lot of cash right now.
Um I I think you know over the past year
been there's been a lot of talk about uh
people wanting to buy copper mines but
with with gold rising in the way it has
over the past year uh and the prospect I
think roundly analysts expect gold to
move higher uh obviously there's going
to be a lot of interest in acquiring uh
gold assets around the world. Zigene uh
has been focused on gold itself for for
a long time. So it's in a sort of pretty
position. it knows how to work across
multiple jurisdictions. Uh and yes to
the question uh it does seem that it's
going to be a very prospective area for
M &D along with copper in the next uh in
the next few years.
>> Yeah. And this on the backdrop of of
course Mark Carney meeting with Xi
Jinping, right? And and the warming of
ties between Canada and China. I wonder
um it's interesting, right? I think it
was just a few years ago where Shandong
Gold tried to make an acquisition in
Canada and was was basically rejected
because of national security concerns.
It seems like the the regulatory sort of
environment has improved of late. Are we
likely to see that regulators in China
and Canada will likely give the green
light on this deal?
>> Yeah, it is interesting timing for a a
Chinese company to acquire something in
a Canadian company. Um there have been
instances in the past uh through the
investment Canada act where uh Canada
has rejected takeovers by Chinese
companies of of uh Canadian miners. But
there's also been cases where they have
allowed them even uh even when that act
became a bit more stringent. So if the
assets the operating assets are not
inside Canada in this case in all in
Africa then uh the path becomes a bit uh
a bit clearer but it still will be an
uncertainty a kind of execution risk for
this deal um because it will absolutely
be referred to the authorities in in
Canada. uh the backdrop as you said
Carnage just uh moved closer to Beijing
uh to some extent with kind of various
uh small trade agreements. Uh we'll need
to see whether uh that translates into
you know how they look at uh
acquisitions in future as well.
>> Martin, thank you. Martin Richie, our
medals and mining reporter there on the
latest on this massive deal. Zjin of
course leading the gains here. There's
another cohort of stocks leading the
gains here in Hong Kong, which we'll get
to in a moment here. Uh, coming up
though here at the Asian Financial Forum
in the next couple of hours, we'll be
having a lot of conversations coming
through too. Specifically, we're talking
all things cars and all things food,
Italian specifically, right at about
lunchtime. So, that's an idea for lunch.
That's a hint to my producer right
beside me. I'm hungry. Who isn't? This
is the China Show.
Okay, welcome back. Uh, we're looking at
this rally across equity markets right
now on your screens. The Hen index has
been testing the upper end of this
range. It's been rangebound, as you can
see, for several months. We're close,
not there just yet. So I guess this is a
level to watch as we look at this rally
to the up 1%. The rally today so we
talked about Zigene mining and apart
from that financials are really leading
this charge. HSBC,
Bank of China, AIA and some of the big
financials of course are leading this
gain today about an hour into the
session. And I should also mention here,
it's very busy here at the AFF. And just
an opportunity to mention, we're right
beside the HSBC booth and it's if you've
heard some of the um some of the noise
that's come through as well and a lot of
the the just the buzz in activity that's
come through. Uh they're just setting up
here right beh be behind me, Ivon. If
you hear a bit of noise, I think there's
a big interview coming up here. And
they've started, our friends at HSBC,
let me just banter this, have started to
encroach on on some of the public side
sidewalks here. But, you know, it's all
good. It's all good. We can sh We can
share air time, can't we? And and some
space just in case some things show up
behind me. We know what those is. Yeah,
that's our friends at HSBC. They're
setting up their set right now.
>> Yeah, there we go.
>> Right. Day two still looking pretty busy
then, it seems. Uh when it comes to Ant
Sports, we're you know we're tracing
this other deal, right? And and really
investors are liking this announcement
too. They're all smiling too uh from
Puma. So that essentially makes Ant the
biggest shareholder of the German
company here. Shares are up some 1%.
Coming up, we got David Solomon from
Goldman Sachs joining Steve at the
Goldman Conference. This is Bloomberg.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break here
right now and we are seeing at least
some upside when it comes to Japanese
equities here this morning. Just given
that it seems like the yen strength has
stabilized a little bit here just given
that intervention risk and the like 154
levels right now. You got to wonder, you
know, is the even talk of coordinated
intervention with the US and Japan
enough that they may not even need to
intervene. That certainly is the debate
among uh some of the analysts out there
here today. Uh we're talking about
equities. We're up about a fifth of 1%
for the nicke here. JGBs though continue
to see that melt. We're up four basis
points at 228.
Let's get back now to the Goldman Sachs
Global Macro Conference now underway in
Hong Kong. And Steve is there standing
by with our next guest. Hey, Steve.
Yeah. Yeah, that's right. It's the man
of the hour. It's the host of this
conference, David Solomon, CEO and
chairman of Goldman Sachs. Thanks so
much for having us here.
>> Thank you for uh thank you for being
here and thank you for spending some
time with me.
>> So, obviously everybody in this room
wants to know kind of what 2026 is going
to look like. There were uh some shocks
to the system uh last year uh whether it
was the beginning of the Trump
administration, April tariffs, and then
the sift out from there. What's the
global economy look like from your lens
right now?
>> I think it's I think the economic setup
is pretty constructive, especially in
the US. Um, but broadly I think it's
relatively constructive. You've got a
confluence of lots of stimulative fiscal
policy in developed economies. You have
a general deregulatory
trend and tone um you know both in the
US and Europe. Um particularly in the US
after a very very difficult regulatory
environment under the Biden
administration. I think the Trump
administration is moving quickly to
rebalance regulatory burden and I think
there's a desire in Europe to also
improve you know the regulatory
situation that's quite stimulative
massive AI investment infrastructure
investment around the world which is
also quite stimulative we've been in a
monetary easing cycle um which also
creates tailwinds and we have midterm
elections coming up in the US where you
certainly could see you know specific
policy actions particularly around you
know affordability that also could be
stimulative in some way. So, you know,
economically things set up nicely, but
well, I I wouldn't say but a little bit
the same as last year. There's a lot
going on geopolitically. There's a lot
going on in the world. And as that stuff
plays out, it can lead to speed bumps or
um you know, distractions. You know, we
saw one in April with the roll out of
the trade policy that kind of slowed the
economic momentum down. We then saw a
pivot. We got through that. Obviously,
there's a lot of noise at the moment
when you talk geopolitics. So, you talk
kind of global economic order and
people invest, people move forward when
they're confident.
>> The noise sometimes can sap confidence.
I think at the moment generally things
look relatively green.
>> Um, but that doesn't mean there aren't
issues that could pop up. Well, you just
came back from Davos and the ruptures,
the crossatlantic relationship seems to
be um frayed at the edges, if not at the
core. How does that disrupt what's been
a longtime um alliance between the EU
and the United States?
>> Well, I I I think the word frayed um is
a much better word than ruptures. I
don't think there are ruptures. I think
my words Yeah. I I I I think there's
there's a lot of noise and that noise
phrase trust. Um, you know, trust is
built over time. Trust in in important,
you know, relationships around the world
between nations is really built through
sacrifice over time. And, you know, when
there's, you know, when there's noise,
it can fray those relationships. I think
the fundamental relationships are still
strong, but I certainly in Davos sensed
a level of frustration around some of
the policy debate. Um, but I, you know,
I think that stuff will get passed. Um,
one of the things that I'm spending a
lot of time doing is thinking about
what's noise and what's the substantive
issue. Um, and, uh, you know, I, you
know, I, I do think we're set in a place
where we actually can make progress on a
bunch of the substantive issues. Um, but
we certainly have, you know, an
administration in the US that's shaken
things up and that sometimes leads to,
you know, to frame or concern and a
bunch of noise.
>> How's your relationship with the White
House right now? our relationship with
the administration, you know, is is is
very very good. You know, one of the
things that I've said publicly that I
really appreciate, this administration
is open for business and it's engaged
with business. You know, in the past
administration, we had trouble engaging
the administration. This administration
takes your calls. We'll listen to your
point of view. They may not agree with
everything. We push back, you know,
privately and tell them when we don't
agree, but they are open for business
and engaged in a very constructive way.
And I think that's the way the system's
supposed to work.
>> Not to dwell on it, but I'll just ask
one more question on that. It's like, I
mean, is it conducive to having, you
know, good policy and relationships when
he's suing JP Morgan uh for, you know,
allegations of debanking. Uh he's sort
of sidelined uh Brian Moahan at Bank of
America. He called you out in August for
some things uh saying you should go back
to DJing and the like.
>> I like DJing.
>> You like DJing? I know he was hard on
Yan Hatius, your chief economist, for
his take on tariffs back in August, but
Jan in his research has also sort of
changed his tune is saying the pass
through on tariffs into the economy is
pretty much already peaked. Um, has it
taken a lot to regain the trust of the
White House?
>> I it's I I I don't I I don't look at it
that way. I think I think the um I think
we have a relationship with the with the
administration. It's a good
relationship. We like some of the things
they're doing. When we don't like them,
we voice our opinion. They like things
that we do. When they don't like them,
they voice their opinion. Sometimes I
wish it wasn't in the media and the
noise, but that just goes with the
territory. We're focused on how do we
grow? How does the economy grow? How do
we contribute to helping the economy
grow to supporting our clients who are
investing in America, investing in the
global economy, and trying to grow? And
I would say this administration is
incredibly constructive on that on on
that stuff. And again, ignore the noise.
Focus on the substance. We're focused on
the substance. And you were just
reiterating a bunch of noise.
>> Well, the Okay, let's talk about some of
the numbers that you had because in the
fourth quarter blowing past expectations
in equity trading revenue, what's the
market look like uh with a number of big
ticket IPOs coming whether it's SpaceX
or others? Uh what's the what's your
outlook?
>> The environment the environment is the
environment is very constructive, you
know, for our business, particularly our
banking and markets business. you know,
we highlighted in our fourth quarter
earnings, our year- end earnings that
our backlog um was again at a another uh
you know, significantly high level um
and had it moved quite positively. I
think it's going to be a very
constructive year for M&A activity.
Could be one of the best years, if not
the best year ever, for M&A activity. I
think CEOs feel unleashed to really
invest, drive growth in their
businesses. It's a better regulatory
environment. They're asking big
questions about what the art of the
possible is. That's very different from
where we were four years ago where the
answer to any question was no. Now the
answer to any question is yes maybe. And
so CEOs are looking forward. That's a
very very constructive environment for
our business. So we expect a strong M&A
year globally. We expect a strong
capital markets year globally and we
think the firm's very very well
positioned to capitalize on that.
>> Two two Fed cuts. Are you expecting and
what about Fed independence? Are you
worried about Yan? You heard Jan's um
you know Jan's you know Jan's position
on that. But I think a lot of that will
depend, you know, on the trajectory of
the economy. Um, you know, I think we
could see upside to both nominal and
real growth this year. That would have
an impact on whether or not the
trajectory of monetary policy cuts
continued. Um,
>> 20% chance of recession, he said, down
from 30%. Do you see any risk of,
>> you know, I'll let Yan be I'll let Yan
be the speculator, but a 20%, you know,
the base case for recession is 1 out of
seven. Okay, which is a little bit lower
than 20%. And I think the chance of a
recession this year is low in the US and
I don't think you'd see one unless there
was some exogenous event that materially
changed the current sentiment and I
don't think that's you know I don't
think that's a likely a likely um you
know a likely outcome. So it's a
constructive environment.
>> Are you seeing a necessary broadening
out of the markets beyond MAG 7? And
there's also the risk of course of a
potential bubble.
>> Well you've seen you've seen a big move
in markets away from MAG 7. I think
there's been broader participation. I
think companies are investing. I think
there's a big view that AI productivity
is going to move into the enterprise and
that creates flexibility for a broader
array of companies to invest. And so I
think there's a broader level of
participation and things are set up
quite constructively for the next few
years. This AI productivity gain in
enterprise is a real thing. It's going
to take a while for that to be
implemented, but we're quite
constructive on that and the tailwinds
that that creates for economic growth
and for investment. Well, that's a good
pivot to Hong Kong because the stock
market here uh regaining the IPO crown
uh last year and essentially on the back
of all these IPOs in the tech sector. A
lot of them really the big gainers have
been the the infrastructure and the the
not necessarily the applications or the
large language models. They've been
essentially the hardware players, the
chips and the like. Do you see a
sustainability of this,
you know, pipeline from China of AI
>> if if the environment continues to
be constructive the way it is now? Yes,
I think it'll be a very good year for
IPOs over here too. Um I I think there's
a lot of pentup capital markets activity
because we really coming out of the
pandemic, we kind of shut down capital
markets for a period of time. You got a
more conducive regulatory environment.
You've got a good detant in US China
with a constructive setup in 2024 for
more constructive dialogue. I think all
that's conducive for more IPO activity
here in Hong Kong and I think you're
going to see more IPOP activity in the
US and in Europe. So it's a it's a
pretty constructive setup. Now of course
if there was a big exogenous event could
slow it down but I just I don't think
that's the base case but that doesn't
mean we won't have some speed bumps
along the way this year. We did in the
last week get news of maybe Beijing
tightening some of the listing
requirements uh for companies here in
Hong Kong. There had been a flood, a
rush to the market. Obviously, maybe
there's some discrepancies on whether
it's CIC or some of the Chinese banks
and some of their underwriting
capabilities. How much of an opportunity
would this be as well as the Chinese
banks have really up their game in the
underwriting and investment banking game
here with with listings? I think it's
very very important to have a vibrant,
you know, long-term successful capital
market listing venue here that you
ensure the highest level of standards.
And so, you know, mistakes and
underwriting perspectus is not
acceptable. Um, you know, the standard
should be high. I think it's good that
the regulators are calling that out and
asking for a standard of excellence.
We're used to operating at that level of
standard all over the world. I think
there'd be few people that dispute
Goldman Sachs position as the leading
one of the leading if not the leading
equity underwriter in the world over the
last 25 years and we expect to
participate very actively in any market
you know that's vibrant there's always
competition but I I like when people are
advocating for the highest standards
that builds confidence in IPO markets
and I think that's something that's very
important
>> I understand you're heading up to
Beijing tonight I believe what's your
agenda what's your top priority for the
China market right Now clarity from a
regulator is what
>> my my top priority is to be there to
spend time with government officials,
spend time with our clients there. You
know, I move around the world and
everywhere I go, it's the same agenda.
Spending time with our clients, spending
time with with important, you know,
government partners, spending time with
our people. And so, you know, I'm back
up in Beijing for the next couple of
days to do those three things. No
different than what I did last week when
I was in Davos. No different than what
I'm doing here in Hong Kong. no
different than what I'll do when I'm
back in Washington later this week. You
know, that's that's that's kind of what
we do. Spend time with our clients,
spend time and engage with government
leaders, spend time with our people, and
make sure we're doing everything to
ensure constructive markets, strong
capital markets, strong M&A environment,
and right now, I think we've got a
constructive environment for all of
that.
>> What's your number one priority for the
China market? I mean, it's it's kind of
a two-speed economy. Obviously, export
driven for now, domestic economies
troubled. uh Asia market is doing pretty
well though.
>> Our our number one goal for the China
market is the same as it's always been.
We've got a big base of clients there
and we're trying to position to help
them achieve their goals whether it be
capital raising, advice, consolidation,
strategy. You know, our job is to serve
our clients and that's always our number
one priority.
>> You said you're always on a plane.
You're heading around the world. Uh
Qatar Investment Authority, you have a
new strengthened partnership there. What
about $25 billion? What does that say
about the importance of the Middle East
when those Chinese banks I just
mentioned as well, they just tripled
their number of loans last year to the
Middle East, usually Saudi Arabia and
the UAE, how important and how strategic
would be the place where you invest
those funds?
>> Well, the the the the partnership with
the QIA is a partnership to invest all
over the world based on our broad global
asset management platform. We also have
partnerships with clients in China and
partnerships with you know clients in
Singapore with partnerships with clients
all over the world. That partnership is
a very very important partnership and a
significant partnership and what the QIA
sees as our global footprint our
investing expertise and in particular
our very very unique sourcing
capabilities to ensure that they get
exposure to the most important and
interesting opportunities around the
world. That's what we do. That's kind of
the strength of our asset management
franchise. And so, you know, that's
that's a part of the growth in that
business, which has been an important
key grower for Goldman Sachs. Let's keep
going around the world. How about Japan?
I mean, they had the recent bond market
volatility. Obviously, there's some
concern over the fiscally uh assertive
policies from Takiichi. What's your view
right now given the bond market?
>> Well, there's no there's no question
that, you know, given the setup over the
last 30 years, there's bond market
volatility in Japan. Japan needs, you
know, a more outward-looking economy and
more growth, you know, to really get to
a different place than where it's been
over the course of the last three
decades. But we're actually quite
excited because we see pensions um and
corporates in Japan, you know, looking
more outward. We see a culture of
risk-taking developing in Japan that
really hasn't existed for the last three
decades. And so, we're optimistic that
through our banking and markets business
and our asset manage business, there's
man management business, there's more
that we can do to help clients in Japan.
And so I'm actually headed to Japan next
month. Okay. Um again and uh you know I
actually think there's some very very
interesting opportunities to help our
clients there and partner with our
clients there
>> globally. What are your hiring plans? Do
you have a kind of a good map you can
reveal to us where where you think you
need to hire more or where you need to?
>> We're always looking for great talent
all over the world. Um, you know, I
think the trajectory of talent growth
for us in 2026 will be a little bit
slower, but you know, certainly as you
look out five years from now, the firm's
always growing. It's always looking for
talent. And the thing that really
differentiates the firm is extraordinary
people. So even with the technology
tools and AI, our ability to attract,
develop, and retain extraordinary people
is part of the secret sauce of Goldman
Sachs. That doesn't change. I think Wall
Street shed about 10,600 jobs in
combined the big banks uh last year.
Does 2026 look like that as well? I
think that was the most since 2016.
>> I don't have a view on Wall Street
overall in its headcount. You know, I I
understand our headcount plan. Um and
you know, all we've said publicly is
it's probably a little bit more
constrained in 26 because we see
opportunities for efficiency and we're
trying to deploy those. But ultimately,
we've also said those efficiency
opportunities give us more of an
opportunity to invest in parts of our
business where we can scale growth and
some of that growth scales with
additional headcount. You know, I point
to our wealth management business which
scales with people all over the world.
So, we're excited about that.
>> Let's end the interview on a moonshot.
Uh the prediction markets, you mentioned
that obviously in the call. Very
interested. You're looking at this. You
have teams looking at it. What does a
foray into the prediction markets look
like for Goldman Sachs? Well, I mean,
Goldman Sachs to some degree is in
prediction markets because we operate
derivative contracts. Yeah. Right. So,
>> but really pegging it to real life
events, that kind of thing.
>> I I think there are interesting things
going on in the prediction markets that
would allow our clients the opportunity
to think about and hedge risks that are
inherent in their positioning. And I
think that's super interesting. So
obviously Goldman Sachs given what we
do, given our position in derivative
markets would be anxious to understand
that partner with some of those
prediction markets or develop
capabilities of our own that give our
clients access to that with depth and
liquidity that doesn't yet exist in
those markets. But if you could develop
depth and liquidity, you know, in those
markets, it allows, you know, very
interesting ways to hedge and think
about positions that people
>> Does a partnership or a merger
acquisition happen this year? I nobody
nobody's talking about, you know,
merging or buying these businesses.
These are early stage things.
>> Yep.
>> And I think they're very very
interesting for people that are
interested in market risks and how you
hedge different market exposures, but
it's an extension of stuff that's been
going on in the regulated financial
markets for a long time. And of course,
that's going to interest Goldman Sachs
and interest our clients.
>> David Solomon, thank you so much for
your time and having us here at your
conference.
>> Thank you. All right, Ivon, gonna send
it back to you after a great interview
with David Solomon, the chairman and CEO
of Goldman Sachs.
>> Great chat there, of course, uh, over
there at the Goldman Conference. And of
course, uh, if you missed it, there was
interesting news that just broke on your
terminal and it involves Micron here
breaking ground when it comes to an
advanced wafer fabrication facility in
Singapore. It's worth about $24 billion
investment over 10 years and it's really
going to support the manufacturing
requirements, the AIdriven demand when
it comes to nan technology uh just given
how rapid things have been really
expanding when it comes to AI and data
centers and the like there. So there you
go, groundbreaking ceremony for that
today. First doublestory wafer
manufacturing fab in Singapore. This is
Bloomberg.
Well, just want to bring you the latest
when it comes to Hong Kong and uh a
high-profile reshuffleling of the
government there. the the the minister
that oversees the constitutional
affairs, Eric Zang, has resigned, citing
health reasons for more. Let's get to
our China economy and government editor,
Alan Wong. He's with us here right now.
We just heard from the chief executive
uh in that press briefing talking a
little bit more about uh the departure
of Zang. What do we know at this point?
>> Yes, the official reason for his
departure is health. Uh Jang was also at
that press conference standing right
next to John Lee. uh he said that he's
being treated for prostate cancer and
then after consulting with his family
and doctors he decided to step down and
uh John Lee thanked him for his service
and also uh said that if he if his
health had allowed it he would have uh
wanted Jung to stay but now uh the
government will need to look for a
replacement and u and in the meantime uh
the under secretary will step up. Yeah,
I mean it's a it's a pretty important
post, right? You are, you know, the
mainland affairs chief uh in in some
ways. What do we know at this point of
who could replace him and what does it
mean?
>> Yeah, it's a big job. In fact, the title
is really long. It's the um secretary
for mainland and constitutional affairs.
Uh so what that means is that uh he
helps to uh deal with uh elections in
Hong Kong. for example, the Legislative
Council election, which he had a role in
overhauling to ensure that only patriots
can run and uh and and and you might you
may remember that a couple weeks ago
when that election happened, the turnout
was at a second lowest ever. So, it was
seen as a lack of um a sign that the
public didn't trust that electoral
system. And there was speculation prior
to the day that uh Eric uh is is leaving
partly to be held accountable for that
low turnout. But uh John Lee today said
that uh it was only because of his
health and that uh uh otherwise there's
no reason for him to go. And Jung
himself also uh gave quite a bit of
detail about um just about his health
conditions even gave us some medical
readings that indicate um uh his
conditions. So yeah, they they wanted to
make it very clear that this has nothing
to do with his performance. But
importantly, there's another minister
that that was previously rumored to be
leaving um the housing minister,
>> right?
>> Um it seems like that she is uh going to
stay because John Lee said that there
won't be uh any senior personnel changes
uh anytime soon and it could mean that
um that minister Winnie Ho could stay
on. Uh and uh previously people thought
that someone will have to step down to
be held accountable for the type of fire
that kill more than 160 people and uh
Winnieho was cited as one of those
people that could be sacked because of
that. But um while John Lee said that
they'll hold any official accountable uh
if they they if they're found to to to
be um guilty or responsible, but uh
looks like that is not happening anytime
soon.
>> Alan, thank you. Alan Wong there with
the latest on what we were hearing uh
when it comes to some of these
government changes as well. We're taking
a look at how Asian markets are looking
like and we talk about how this we've
seen a bit of a reversal when it comes
to uh people really kind of buying on
these dips maybe and now we are seeing
this equity rally uh heading higher near
records for Asia hitting the highest
since October for Hong Kong. This is
Bloomberg.
Right. Welcome back. Before we go, we
have a lot of conversations coming up
here out of the AFF. Uh Sha Pang will be
joining us in a couple of minutes and of
course Italy will be joining as well.
Italian food hall operator will be
joining us as well to talk us through
all these things. I'll send it back to
you in the studios, Von.
>> Yeah, it's a big day for interviews.
Also ahead, our exclusive interview with
the US ambassador to China, David
Purdue, as President Trump prepares to
visit Beijing in April. That's happening
at Insight. Coming up next, this is
Blue.